---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "quicknode_endpoint Resource - quicknode"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates a new endpoint in the QuickNode API.
---

# quicknode_endpoint (Resource)

Creates a new endpoint in the QuickNode API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "quicknode_endpoint" "example" {
  chain   = "optimism"
  network = "optimism-sepolia"
  label   = "test-chain"

  security_options = {
    tokens       = true
    referrers    = false
    jwts         = false
    ips          = false
    domain_masks = false
    hsts         = false
    cors         = true
  }
}

output "endpoint" {
  value = quicknode_endpoint.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `chain` (String) The blockchain the endpoint is associated with.
- `network` (String) The specific network of the blockchain.

### Optional

- `label` (String) A descriptive label for the endpoint.
- `security_options` (Attributes) Security options for the endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--security_options))

### Read-Only

- `http_url` (String) The HTTP URL to access the newly created endpoint.
- `id` (String) A unique identifier for the created endpoint.
- `multichain` (Boolean) Whether the endpoint is multichain.
- `status` (String) The status of the endpoint.
- `wss_url` (String) The WebSocket URL to access the newly created endpoint.

<a id="nestedatt--security_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `security_options`

Optional:

- `cors` (Boolean) Cross-Origin Resource Sharing for the endpoint. (default: true)
- `domain_masks` (Boolean) Domain mask-based access control for the endpoint. (default: false)
- `hsts` (Boolean) HTTP Strict Transport Security for the endpoint. (default: false)
- `ips` (Boolean) IP-based access control for the endpoint. (default: false)
- `jwts` (Boolean) JWT-based authentication for the endpoint. (default: false)
- `referrers` (Boolean) Referrer-based access control for the endpoint. (default: false)
- `tokens` (Boolean) Token-based authentication for the endpoint. (default: true)
